Feature: OpenApi plugin (#2728)
ToolJet/ToolJet: docs/docs/data-sources/openapi.md

# openapi

> ToolJet has a datasource for generate REST API operations from OpenAPI Specs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ToolJet has a data source for generating REST API operations from OpenAPI Specs. 
```

## Connection

> - Connections can generate from OpenAPI Specifications. Currently supports Basic, API Key, Bearer, Oauth2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connections are generated from OpenAPI specifications. Currently supports Basic Auth, API Key, Bearer Token, OAuth 2.0
```

- Also supports specifications with multiple authentications
  
  [Read more](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/authentication/) 

## Querying OpenAPI

> - Operations will be generate from specs and each one will be different from other 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Operations will be generated from specifications and each one will be different from other 
```

### Common fields
- Host (Base URL)
  

>   Some specs can have one or more base urls/ servers and specific operations may have seperate Base URL. So you can select URL from host select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some specs can have one or more base URLs/servers and specific operations may have separate Base URLs. So you can select the URL from the host select
```
